# Essay - November 5, 2019

(Translated from Chinese)

The 2019 ICPC Regional Contest (Xuzhou Site) has come to an end. Before the rankings were frozen, our team solved three
problems, securing a spot in the top section of the bronze medal. In the last 27 minutes after the rankings were
frozen, I encountered four penalties but successfully tackled problem E. Despite our team's time penalties and solving
only four problems, we were fortunate to achieve a silver medal.

I am now planning to continue my participation for another year, and this blog will serve as a continuous record of my
progress in competitions during the final year of my competition careers, as well as other activities I engage in during
these last two years' undergraduate studies. My goal for this year is to become a versatile contestant. My initial aim
is to reach a yellow rating (2100+) on Codeforces before the winter break ends, demonstrating my fine problem-solving
skills.

To become a well-rounded contestant, I am focusing on mastering each area of knowledge at the provincial contest
difficulty level. I will categorize my learning according to OI-Wiki's classification, gather template problems from
Luogu, seek thought-provoking problems from Codeforces contests, explore mathematical challenges on 51nod, delve into
advanced topics on AcWing, and work through problems on POJ. If time permits, I will also explore Kuangbin's specialized
topics.

For competitions, my main focus is on improving my skills on Codeforces. I plan not to miss many of their contests and
ensure active participation and review. It appears that the problem M in the Xuzhou contest are from Codeforces, so I
may need to retroactively solve all Codeforces contests' problems starting from my earliest account sign up, with
ratings between 2100 and 2400. I will document my progress for each contest under the "Codeforces" classification. If
there are problems with particularly innovative ideas, I will create separate entries and categorize them under relevant
topics. My focus is on official Codeforces contests, and older contests may be skipped, as it seems less likely that
older ideas will reappear in regional contests and I can't solve them at the same time.

Regarding problem sets, I will rely on the four HDU and four NowCoder training sessions from the past two years, which
should provide around 40 problem sets. These will be categorized under "Multi-University Training." Furthermore, there
are many regional contests' replays from Codeforces Gym that I have yet to fully solve up to the medium section of gold
medal problems. I will address them one by one in the form of complete problem sets, categorized under "Regional
Contests." However, this task is planned for the summer break, as the first half of the year will primarily focus on
enhancing my individual skills.

I may also revisit the major specialization-related courses I studied during my undergraduate years as needed. In
addition to these academic pursuits, I recognize the importance of investing time in learning both English and Japanese,
especially if I have a genuine interest in Japan and aspire to make remarkable progress in these languages.
